Feat(IP Filtering): Add test cases (#133)
mattermost/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/cloud/ip-filtering/test-3.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "IP Filtering | Restore workspace from portal if the workspace is blocked"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: IP Filtering
authors: "@yasserfaraazkhan"
team_ownership: 
- ICU
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

Test prerequisites:

> - Create a workspace and leave it in Enterprise Trial license from https://portal.test.cloud.mattermost.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a workspace and leave it in Enterprise trial license from https://portal.test.cloud.mattermost.com/
```

- In Split.io Enable `CloudIPFiltering` feature flag for all test environments.

1. Login with admin credentials.
2. Navigate to System Console > Site Configuration > IP Filtering.
3. Toggle to enable the `Enable IP Filtering` settings.
4. Click on `Add rule`.
5. Enter `Name of the rule`.
6. Enter the `IP address` other than the current IP address.
7. Click `Save Button` on the Add IP Filter modal.
8. Click `Save Button` on the IP Filter feature page.
9. Click on `Yes, apply changes` to review and confirm the IP Filtering rule added.

> 10. Verify the workspace is not accessible. (we should be seeing 403 error).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Verify the workspace is not accessible (should see 403 error).
```

11. Log into portal with the workspace admin credentials

> 12. Navigate to IP filtering section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Navigate to IP Filtering section.
```

> 13. Verify the `Disable IP Filtering` is enabled and Click on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Verify the `Disable IP Filtering` is enabled and click on it.
```
